the blitzer dr that's easy
Vans for vehicles up to 3.1
metric tons
all activities around the be and
can unload easily from one
person to be mastered
with easy load you will not lose time
at the touch of a button and in sensational 8
seconds is the lightning loader ready for
unloaded
this is only possible with the sturdy kink
Mechanism of a unique technique
from eder fahrzeugbau
whether small deep or big
Vehicles the bandwidth in this
Vehicle class is unique easy load
stands for easy loading with
drive at an angle of only nine degrees
even low-lying vehicles easily
on
the low plateau height and the
integrated climbing help shape the
access to the vehicle comfortable and
the maximum comfort is guaranteed
radio remote control button pressure is sufficient and
in a few seconds the vehicle is in
driving position
at the many points can be that
Safely secure the vehicle
do without a heavy truck
and decide on a lg
emma lightning loader reduces that
minimized acquisition costs
maintenance and saves fuel
the algebra blikslager r quickly and
quickly back away